c:\users\jafar.baltidynamolog\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZooplaVideo\ZooplaVideo\obj\x86\Debug\ZooplaVideo.Form1.resources
c:\users\jafar.baltidynamolog\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZooplaVideo\ZooplaVideo\obj\x86\Debug\ZooplaVideo.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\jafar.baltidynamolog\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZooplaVideo\ZooplaVideo\obj\x86\Debug\ZooplaVideo.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\jafar.baltidynamolog\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZooplaVideo\ZooplaVideo\bin\Debug\Properties\Resources.resx
c:\users\jafar.baltidynamolog\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZooplaVideo\ZooplaVideo\bin\Debug\Properties\Resources.Designer.cs
c:\users\jafar.baltidynamolog\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZooplaVideo\ZooplaVideo\bin\Debug\ZooplaVideo.exe
c:\users\jafar.baltidynamolog\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZooplaVideo\ZooplaVideo\bin\Debug\ZooplaVideo.pdb
c:\users\jafar.baltidynamolog\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZooplaVideo\ZooplaVideo\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.FFMPEG.dll
c:\users\jafar.baltidynamolog\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZooplaVideo\ZooplaVideo\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.dll
c:\users\jafar.baltidynamolog\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZooplaVideo\ZooplaVideo\bin\Debug\AForge.dll
c:\users\jafar.baltidynamolog\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZooplaVideo\ZooplaVideo\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.xml
c:\users\jafar.baltidynamolog\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZooplaVideo\ZooplaVideo\bin\Debug\AForge.xml
c:\users\jafar.baltidynamolog\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZooplaVideo\ZooplaVideo\obj\x86\Debug\ZooplaVideo.exe
c:\users\jafar.baltidynamolog\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZooplaVideo\ZooplaVideo\obj\x86\Debug\ZooplaVideo.pdb
c:\users\jafar.baltidynamolog\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZooplaVideo\ZooplaVideo\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.FFMPEG.xml
c:\users\jafar.baltidynamolog\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZooplaVideo\ZooplaVideo\Output\Properties\Resources.resx
c:\users\jafar.baltidynamolog\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZooplaVideo\ZooplaVideo\Output\Properties\Resources.Designer.cs
c:\users\jafar.baltidynamolog\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZooplaVideo\ZooplaVideo\Output\ZooplaVideo.exe
c:\users\jafar.baltidynamolog\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZooplaVideo\ZooplaVideo\Output\ZooplaVideo.pdb
c:\users\jafar.baltidynamolog\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZooplaVideo\ZooplaVideo\Output\AForge.Video.dll
c:\users\jafar.baltidynamolog\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZooplaVideo\ZooplaVideo\Output\AForge.dll
c:\users\jafar.baltidynamolog\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZooplaVideo\ZooplaVideo\Output\AForge.Video.FFMPEG.xml
c:\users\jafar.baltidynamolog\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZooplaVideo\ZooplaVideo\Output\AForge.Video.xml
c:\users\jafar.baltidynamolog\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZooplaVideo\ZooplaVideo\Output\AForge.xml
c:\users\jafar.baltidynamolog\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZooplaVideo\ZooplaVideo\Output\AForge.Video.FFMPEG.dll
c:\users\jafar.baltidynamolog\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ZooplaVideo\ZooplaVideo\Output\ZooplaVideo.exe.config
C:\Users\jafar.baltidynamolog\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ZooplaVideo\ZooplaVideo\obj\x86\Debug\ZooplaVideo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
